Update the `cfg` docs. (#6932)
edgedb/edgedb: docs/stdlib/cfg.rst

----------

.. eql:type:: cfg::Config

  The main configuration object type.

>   This type is supposed to have exactly one object instance. The

Author: Mainly the implication is that when you query this you should expect just one result. I wouldn't have even mentioned it if it weren't for `ExtensionConfig` having several objects that can get confusing if you aren't careful with a filter or don't access them via `extensions` link.

>   This type is supposed to have exactly one object instance. The

Reviewer: Ah, OK. Would something like "This type will have only one object instance," be accurate? Something about "is supposed to" here suggests to me an imminent failure state the user needs to diligently watch for.

      {false}

----------

.. eql:type:: cfg::DatabaseConfig

  The database branch-level configuration object type.

  This type is supposed to have exactly one object instance. The
  ``cfg::DatabaseConfig`` object represents the state of branch and
  instance-level EdgeDB configuration.

  For overall configuraiton state please refer to the :eql:type:`cfg::Config`
  instead.

----------

.. eql:type:: cfg::InstanceConfig

  The instance-level configuration object type.

  This type is supposed to have exactly one object instance. The
  ``cfg::InstanceConfig`` object represents only the state of instance-level
  EdgeDB configuration.

  For overall configuraiton state please refer to the :eql:type:`cfg::Config`
  instead.

----------

.. eql:type:: cfg::ExtensionConfig

  .. versionadded:: 5.0

  An abstract type representing extension configuration.

  Every extension is expected to define its own extension-specific config
  object type extending ``cfg::ExtensionConfig``. Any necessary extension
  configuration setting should be represented as properties of this concrete
  config type.

  Up to three instances of the extension-specific config type will be created,

>   each of them with a ``required single link cfg`` to one of the
>   :eql:type:`cfg::Config`, :eql:type:`cfg::DatabaseConfig`, or
>   :eql:type:`cfg::InstanceConfig` according to the configuration level. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  each of them with a ``required single link cfg`` to the
  :eql:type:`cfg::Config`, :eql:type:`cfg::DatabaseConfig`, or
  :eql:type:`cfg::InstanceConfig` object depending on to the configuration
  level. The
```
